Defer element orientation checks until nodal GF is set in MFEMSidreDataColl (#645)
LLNL/axom: RELEASE-NOTES.md

- Fixed bug in `Mint`'s VTK output for fields of type `int64` and `float`
- Improved loading of data collections in `MFEMSidreDataCollection`
- Added workaround to `MFEMSidreDataCollection` for `C++14` standard library feature that was not available in `gcc@4.9.3`

> - Delayed finalization of reloaded meshes in `MFEMSidreDataCollection` until after the setting
>   of the nodal `GridFunction` (when applicable)

Reviewer: Slight suggestion:
```suggestion
- Delayed finalizing reloaded mesh in `MFEMSidreDataCollection` until after setting
  the nodal `GridFunction` (when applicable)
```
